Event Get 50% off your ticket to MongoDB.local NYC on May 2. Use code Web50![
Learn more >> ](https://www.mongodb.com/events/mongodb-local/nyc)

[ ![MongoDB
logo](https://webimages.mongodb.com/_com_assets/cms/kuyjf3vea2hg34taa-
horizontal_default_slate_blue.svg?auto=format%252Ccompress)
](https://www.mongodb.com)

Developer Articles & Topics

  * General Information
  * All Documentation
  * Realm Documentation
  * Developer Articles & Topics
  * Community Forums
  * Blog
  * University

![search
icon](https://webimages.mongodb.com/_com_assets/cms/krc3hljsdwdfd2w5d-web-
actions-search.svg?auto=format%252Ccompress)

  * Products

Platform

[
![atlas_product_family](https://webimages.mongodb.com/_com_assets/icons/atlas_product_family.svg)
Atlas Build on a developer data platform ](https://www.mongodb.com/atlas)

Platform Services

[![atlas_database](https://webimages.mongodb.com/_com_assets/icons/atlas_database.svg)DatabaseDeploy
a multi-cloud
database](https://www.mongodb.com/atlas/database)[![atlas_search](https://webimages.mongodb.com/_com_assets/icons/atlas_search.svg)SearchDeliver
engaging search
experiences](https://www.mongodb.com/atlas/search)[![mdb_vector_search](https://webimages.mongodb.com/_com_assets/icons/mdb_vector_search.svg)Vector
SearchDesign intelligent apps with
GenAI](https://www.mongodb.com/products/platform/atlas-vector-
search)[![atlas_stream_processing](https://webimages.mongodb.com/_com_assets/icons/atlas_stream_processing.svg)Stream
Processing (Preview)Unify data in motion and data at
rest](https://www.mongodb.com/products/platform/atlas-stream-processing)

Tools

[![mdb_compass](https://webimages.mongodb.com/_com_assets/icons/mdb_compass.svg)CompassWork
with MongoDB data in a
GUI](https://www.mongodb.com/products/tools/compass)[![atlas_integration](https://webimages.mongodb.com/_com_assets/icons/atlas_integration.svg)IntegrationsIntegrations
with third-party
services](https://cloud.mongodb.com/ecosystem/?filter=integration)[![mdb_migrator](https://webimages.mongodb.com/_com_assets/icons/mdb_migrator.svg)Relational
MigratorMigrate to MongoDB with
confidence](https://www.mongodb.com/products/relational-migrator)

Self Managed

[![enterprise_advanced_product
family](https://webimages.mongodb.com/_com_assets/icons/enterprise_advanced_product
family.svg)Enterprise AdvancedRun and manage MongoDB
yourself](https://www.mongodb.com/products/mongodb-enterprise-
advanced)[![community_edition_product_family](https://webimages.mongodb.com/_com_assets/icons/community_edition_product_family.svg)Community
EditionDevelop locally with
MongoDB](https://mongodb.com/try/download/community)

Build with MongoDB Atlas

Get started for free in minutes

[ Sign Up ](https://www.mongodb.com/cloud/atlas/register)

Test Enterprise Advanced

Develop with MongoDB on-premises

[Download](https://www.mongodb.com/try/download/enterprise)

Try Community Edition

Explore the latest version of MongoDB

[Download](https://www.mongodb.com/try/download/community)

  * Resources

Documentation

[ Atlas DocumentationGet started using Atlas
](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/)[Server DocumentationLearn to use
MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/)[Start With GuidesGet step-by-
step guidance for key tasks](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/guides/)

[Tools and ConnectorsLearn how to connect to
MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/tools-and-connectors/)[MongoDB
DriversUse drivers and libraries for
MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/drivers/)

[
![industry_ai](https://webimages.mongodb.com/_com_assets/icons/industry_ai.svg)AI
Resources HubGet help building the next big thing in AI with MongoDB arrow-
right ](https://www.mongodb.com/library/use-cases/artificial-intelligence)

Connect

[![atlas_product_family](https://webimages.mongodb.com/_com_assets/icons/atlas_product_family.svg)Developer
CenterExplore a wide range of developer
resources](https://www.mongodb.com/developer/)[![general_events_ask_the_experts](https://webimages.mongodb.com/_com_assets/icons/general_events_ask_the_experts.svg)CommunityJoin
a global community of
developers](https://www.mongodb.com/community/)[![general_content_tutorial](https://webimages.mongodb.com/_com_assets/icons/general_content_tutorial.svg)Courses
and CertificationLearn for free from
MongoDB](https://learn.mongodb.com/)[![general_events_session](https://webimages.mongodb.com/_com_assets/icons/general_events_session.svg)Webinars
and EventsFind a webinar or event near you](https://www.mongodb.com/events-
webinars-overview)

  * Solutions

Use cases

[Artificial Intelligence](https://www.mongodb.com/use-cases/artificial-
intelligence)[Edge Computing](https://www.mongodb.com/use-cases/atlas-for-the-
edge)[Internet of Things](https://www.mongodb.com/use-cases/internet-of-
things)[Mobile](https://www.mongodb.com/use-
cases/mobile)[Payments](https://www.mongodb.com/use-cases/payments)[Serverless
Development](https://www.mongodb.com/use-cases/serverless)

Industries

[Financial Services](https://www.mongodb.com/industries/financial-
services)[Telecommunications](https://www.mongodb.com/industries/telecommunications)[Healthcare](https://www.mongodb.com/industries/healthcare)[Retail](https://www.mongodb.com/industries/retail)[Public
Sector](https://www.mongodb.com/industries/public-
sector)[Manufacturing](https://www.mongodb.com/industries/manufacturing)

[Solutions LibraryOrganized and tailored solutions to kick-start projects
arrow-right ](https://www.mongodb.com/solutions/solutions-library)

Developer Data Platform

Accelerate innovation at scale

[ Learn more arrow-right ](https://www.mongodb.com/solutions/developer-data-
platform)

Startups and AI Innovators

For world-changing ideas and AI pioneers

[Learn more arrow-right ](https://www.mongodb.com/startups)

Customer Case Studies

Hear directly from our users

[See Stories arrow-right ](https://www.mongodb.com/who-uses-mongodb)

  * Company

[CareersStart your next
adventure](https://www.mongodb.com/company/careers)[BlogRead articles and
announcements](https://www.mongodb.com/blog)[NewsroomRead press releases and
news stories](https://www.mongodb.com/pressroom)

[PartnersLearn about our partner
ecosystem](https://www.mongodb.com/partners)[LeadershipMeet our executive
team](https://www.mongodb.com/leadership)[CompanyLearn more about who we
are](https://www.mongodb.com/company)

Contact Us

Reach out to MongoDB

[Let’s chat arrow-right ](https://www.mongodb.com/contact)

Investors

Visit our investor portal

[Learn more arrow-right ](https://investors.mongodb.com/)

  * [ Pricing ](https://www.mongodb.com/pricing)

![Search](https://webimages.mongodb.com/_com_assets/cms/lmqnddlajolelmbus-
SearchIcon.svg?auto=format%252Ccompress) [ Support
](https://www.mongodb.com/support) [Sign
In](https://account.mongodb.com/account/login?fromURI=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.mongodb.com%2Fdeveloper%2Fauth%2Fsignin%2F%3FfromPagePath%3D%2Fevents%2Fmongodb-
genai-hackathon-sf-april-20-2024%2F)

[Try Free](https://www.mongodb.com/cloud/atlas/register)

menu-vertical

[ ![MongoDB
logo](https://webimages.mongodb.com/_com_assets/cms/kuyjf3vea2hg34taa-
horizontal_default_slate_blue.svg?auto=format%252Ccompress)
](https://www.mongodb.com)

![Search](https://webimages.mongodb.com/_com_assets/cms/lmqnddlajolelmbus-
SearchIcon.svg?auto=format%252Ccompress)

[ MongoDB Developer ](/developer/) chevron-down

  * Topics

    * Languages plus
    * Technologies plus
    * Products plus
    * Expertise Levels plus
    * [All Topics](/developer/topics/)

  * [Documentation](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/)

  * [Articles](/developer/articles/)

  * [Tutorials](/developer/tutorials/)

  * [Events](/developer/events/)

  * [Code Examples](/developer/code-examples/)

  * [Podcasts](https://podcasts.mongodb.com/public/115/The-MongoDB-Podcast-b02cf624)

  * [MongoDB TV](/developer/videos/)

[ MongoDB Developer ](/developer/)

  * Topics chevron-down

  * [Documentation](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/)

  * [Articles](/developer/articles/)

  * [Tutorials](/developer/tutorials/)

  * [Events](/developer/events/)

  * [Code Examples](/developer/code-examples/)

  * [Podcasts](https://podcasts.mongodb.com/public/115/The-MongoDB-Podcast-b02cf624)

  * [MongoDB TV](/developer/videos/)

close

###### [Atlas ](/developer/products/atlas/)

[ plus
](https://account.mongodb.com/account/login?fromURI=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.mongodb.com%2Fdeveloper%2Fauth%2Fsignin%2F%3FfromPagePath%3D%2Fevents%2Fmongodb-
genai-hackathon-sf-april-20-2024%2F)

Sign in to follow topics

[ Articles ](/developer/products/atlas/articles/)

[Code Examples](/developer/products/atlas/code-examples/)

[Documentation external ](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/getting-started/)

[Events](/developer/products/atlas/events/)

[News & Announcements](/developer/products/atlas/news/)

[Podcasts](/developer/products/atlas/podcasts/)

[Quickstarts](/developer/products/atlas/quickstarts/)

[Tutorials](/developer/products/atlas/tutorials/)

[Videos](/developer/products/atlas/videos/)

[ MongoDB Developer Center ](/developer/) chevron-right

[Developer Topics](/developer/topics/) chevron-right

[Products](/developer/products/) chevron-right

[Atlas](/developer/products/atlas/) chevron-right

[Events](/developer/products/atlas/events/)

# MongoDB GenAI Hackathon SF

[Atlas](/developer/products/atlas/)

[![](data:image/svg+xml,%3csvg%20xmlns=%27http://www.w3.org/2000/svg%27%20version=%271.1%27%20width=%2712%27%20height=%2712%27/%3e)![Facebook
Icon](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)![Facebook
Icon](/developer/facebook.svg)](https://www.facebook.com/sharer.php?u= "Share
on
Facebook")[![](data:image/svg+xml,%3csvg%20xmlns=%27http://www.w3.org/2000/svg%27%20version=%271.1%27%20width=%2712%27%20height=%2712%27/%3e)![twitter
icon](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)![twitter
icon](/developer/twitter.svg)](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?url=&text=MongoDB%20GenAI%20Hackathon%20SF%20%23MongoDB
"Share on
Twitter")[![](data:image/svg+xml,%3csvg%20xmlns=%27http://www.w3.org/2000/svg%27%20version=%271.1%27%20width=%2712%27%20height=%2712%27/%3e)![linkedin
icon](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)![linkedin
icon](/developer/linkedin.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&url=&title=MongoDB
GenAI Hackathon SF&summary=MongoDB GenAI Hackathon SF&source=MongoDB "Share on
LinkedIn")

Industry Event | In-Person

calendar

###### When

Apr 20, 2024 - Apr 21, 2024

location

###### Location

San Francisco, CA, USA

[More Info](https://lu.ma/MongoDB-GenAI-SF)

![feature_image](/developer/_next/image/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.contentstack.io%2Fv3%2Fassets%2Fblt39790b633ee0d5a7%2Fbltbe0c26c8129301a6%2F6621a60ec9de46f9dad45b7a%2FScreenshot_2024-04-18_at_4.00.13_PM.png&w=3840&q=75)

Welcome to the MongoDB GenAI Hackathon! Below are all the resources you will
need for the day.

## Discord Channel

[https://discord.gg/Ekmcn2f3](https://discord.gg/Ekmcn2f3)

## MongoDB

MongoDB is renowned in the industry as a top-tier operational database. With
[MongoDB Atlas](https://www.mongodb.com/lp/cloud/atlas/), we have unified
MongoDB’s operational and vector database capabilities into a single unified
platform. With Atlas, you can combine the benefits of a flexible document
model and an extensive aggregation framework with vector search to build
powerful AI applications for various use cases. As enterprises go from RAG to
agents, MongoDB Atlas can also serve as long and short-term memory for agents.

**Lightning Talk**

  * [Llama Index and RAG Getting Started](https://github.com/mongodb-developer/GenAI-Showcase/blob/main/notebooks/rag/building_RAG_with_LlamaIndex_and_MongoDB_Vector_Database.ipynb) by [John Willis](https://www.linkedin.com/in/johnwillisatlanta/), Author & Consultant, MongoDB

**Quickstarts**

  * [Getting started with MongoDB Atlas and Python](https://github.com/mongodb-developer/mongodb-atlas-python-quickstart/blob/main/quickstart-1-getting-started-atlas-python.ipynb)

  * [How to Perform Semantic Search on Your Data Using MongoDB Atlas](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/atlas-vector-search/tutorials/vector-search-tutorial/#std-label-vector-search-tutorial)

**Credits**

To get $100 Atlas credits, do the following:

  * Sign-up for or login to your [MongoDB Atlas account](http://account.mongodb.com)

  * Click Billing at the top of your [MongoDB Atlas account page](https://account.mongodb.com/).

  * Enter the code provided on-site into the “Apply Code” box at the bottom of the MongoDB Atlas billing page.

**Code Samples**

  * The [GenAI-Showcase GitHub repo](https://github.com/mongodb-developer/GenAI-Showcase/tree/main/notebooks/rag) has several examples of using MongoDB Atlas with frameworks such as LangChain, and LlamaIndex as well as model providers such as OpenAI, Cohere, Hugging Face, etc.

  * [MongoDB Chatbot Framework](https://github.com/mongodb/chatbot) is a set of libraries for building full-stack intelligent chatbot applications using MongoDB Atlas Vector Search.

**Generating Embeddings**

  * [Embeddings Generator](https://github.com/mongodb-developer/GenAI-Showcase/tree/main/tools/embeddings_generator) is a simple tool to add embeddings to a dataset of your choice and ingest them into MongoDB.

**RAG**

  * [How to Choose the Right Embedding Model for RAG](https://www.mongodb.com/developer/products/atlas/choose-embedding-model-rag/)

  * [Building a RAG System using LlamaIndex, OpenAI, and MongoDB Atlas](https://www.mongodb.com/developer/products/atlas/rag-with-polm-stack-llamaindex-openai-mongodb/)

**Chatbots and Agents**

  * [Building a PDF chatbot using Mistral AI and MongoDB Atlas](https://www.mongodb.com/developer/products/mongodb/mistral-ai-integration/)

  * [Building an Interactive RAG Agent with MongoDB Atlas and Function Calling](https://www.mongodb.com/developer/products/atlas/interactive-rag-mongodb-atlas-function-calling-api/)

**Memory**

  * [Adding Semantic Caching and Memory to your RAG Application using MongoDB Atlas and LangChain](https://www.mongodb.com/developer/products/atlas/advanced-rag-langchain-mongodb/)

  * [Adding Memory to your JavaScript RAG application using MongoDB Atlas and LangChain](https://www.mongodb.com/developer/products/atlas/add-memory-to-javascript-rag-application-mongodb-langchain/)

**Miscellaneous**

  * [How to Evaluate Your RAG Application](https://www.mongodb.com/developer/products/atlas/evaluate-llm-applications-rag/)

🏆 Prize for Best Use of [MongoDB Atlas Vector Search](https://mdb.link/AVS-
hackathon): $1000 PayPal Gift Card for winning team

## Fireworks AI

[Fireworks.ai](http://fireworks.ai/) provides a fast, reliable platform for
developers to run generative artificial intelligence (AI) models at scale. Use
Fireworks to provide your users with delightful, responsive experiences by
delivering up to 4x lower latency than alternative solutions with zero
compromise on model quality.

  * [Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdITa5paHYINGbOFB5sqMclnHOYlZP0kZX1lFHZCRFFTngqYg/viewform) to claim $20 Fireworks credits

  * Website: [Fireworks.ai](https://fireworks.ai/) (start with the model [playground](https://fireworks.ai/models) and API [quickstart](https://readme.fireworks.ai/docs/quickstart))

  * [RAG with MongoDB Atlas and Fireworks AI](https://fireworks.ai/blog/optimizing-rag-with-mongodb-atlas-and-fireworks)

  * Embedding models [guide](https://readme.fireworks.ai/docs/querying-embeddings-models)

🏆 Prize for Best Use of [Fireworks AI](https://bit.ly/fireworks-mdb): $1000 in
credits

## LlamaIndex

LlamaIndex is a simple, flexible data framework for connecting custom data
sources to large language models (LLMs).

  * LlamaIndex is free to use for Python and TypeScript. Our world-class document parsing API is LlamaParse, which is free for up to 1000 pages/day. You can sign up at [cloud.llamaindex.ai](cloud.llamaindex.ai).

  * [Getting Started Guide](https://www.notion.so/llamaindex/LlamaIndex-hackathon-resource-guide-MongoDB-89aa37f593744a128ac6a4ec0eebfac1)

🏆 Prize for Best Use of [LlamaIndex](https://bit.ly/llamaindex-mdb): $500 Cash

## Upstage

[Upstage](https://www.upstage.ai/) provides a compact yet powerful Solar LLM
with full-stack RAG components, including layout analysis, groundness checker,
and embeddings. Use Upstage’s full-stack LLM components to provide a fast and
efficient end-to-end LLM application.

  * [Developer docs](https://developers.upstage.ai/docs/getting-started/quick-start)

  * [Hackathon deck](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ja56grFchdFHmax9O0T1S6qRZeAQ_OfNQAorV725ZQ8/edit?usp=sharing)

🏆 Prize for Best Use of [Upstage](https://bit.ly/upstageai-console) Full-Stack
LLM Components: $3000 in credits

* * *

[![](data:image/svg+xml,%3csvg%20xmlns=%27http://www.w3.org/2000/svg%27%20version=%271.1%27%20width=%2712%27%20height=%2712%27/%3e)![Facebook
Icon](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)![Facebook
Icon](/developer/facebook.svg)](https://www.facebook.com/sharer.php?u= "Share
on
Facebook")[![](data:image/svg+xml,%3csvg%20xmlns=%27http://www.w3.org/2000/svg%27%20version=%271.1%27%20width=%2712%27%20height=%2712%27/%3e)![twitter
icon](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)![twitter
icon](/developer/twitter.svg)](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?url=&text=MongoDB%20GenAI%20Hackathon%20SF%20%23MongoDB
"Share on
Twitter")[![](data:image/svg+xml,%3csvg%20xmlns=%27http://www.w3.org/2000/svg%27%20version=%271.1%27%20width=%2712%27%20height=%2712%27/%3e)![linkedin
icon](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)![linkedin
icon](/developer/linkedin.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&url=&title=MongoDB
GenAI Hackathon SF&summary=MongoDB GenAI Hackathon SF&source=MongoDB "Share on
LinkedIn")

[See more events](/developer/events/)

calendar

###### When

Apr 20, 2024 - Apr 21, 2024

location

###### Location

San Francisco, CA, USA

[More Info](https://lu.ma/MongoDB-GenAI-SF)

[ ![MongoDB
logo](https://webimages.mongodb.com/_com_assets/cms/kuyj3d95v5vbmm2f4-horizontal_white.svg?auto=format%252Ccompress)
](https://www.mongodb.com)

© 2024 MongoDB, Inc.

About

  * [Careers](https://www.mongodb.com/careers)
  * [Investor Relations](https://investors.mongodb.com)
  * [Legal Notices](https://www.mongodb.com/legal/legal-notices)
  * [Privacy Notices](https://www.mongodb.com/legal/privacy-policy)
  * [Security Information](https://www.mongodb.com/security)
  * [Trust Center](https://www.mongodb.com/cloud/trust)

Support

  * [Contact Us](https://www.mongodb.com/contact)
  * [Customer Portal](https://support.mongodb.com/welcome)
  * [Atlas Status](https://status.mongodb.com/)
  * [Customer Support](https://www.mongodb.com/support)

Social

  * [ ![](https://webimages.mongodb.com/_com_assets/cms/kr6wrvghw9q75ytq1-github.svg?auto=format%252Ccompress)GitHub ](https://github.com/mongodb)
  * [![](https://webimages.mongodb.com/_com_assets/cms/kr6wsfh9d9z2m4jvx-stackoverflow.svg?auto=format%252Ccompress)Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/tags/mongodb/info)
  * [![](https://webimages.mongodb.com/_com_assets/cms/kr6wsmr3g1ckzd0hs-linkedin.svg?auto=format%252Ccompress)LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/mongodbinc/)
  * [![](https://webimages.mongodb.com/_com_assets/cms/kr6wsxwxsvrivp4q4-youtube.svg?auto=format%252Ccompress)YouTube](https://youtube.com/user/mongodb)
  * [![](https://webimages.mongodb.com/_com_assets/cms/lrym6kl0k3hc1rjgc-x_light.svg?auto=format%252Ccompress)X](https://twitter.com/mongodb)
  * [![](https://webimages.mongodb.com/_com_assets/cms/kr6wtbzfgc05d27pb-twitch.svg?auto=format%252Ccompress)Twitch](https://twitch.tv/mongodb/videos)
  * [![](https://webimages.mongodb.com/_com_assets/cms/kr6wtks9piclp67yr-facebook.svg?auto=format%252Ccompress)Facebook](https://facebook.com/mongodb)

© 2024 MongoDB, Inc.

